
		    MDM - MDM DISPLAY MANAGER

The MDM Display Manager (MDM) is a display manager that
implements all significant features required for managing
local and remote displays.   For full information about 
MDM features, refer to the documentation.  In summary,
features include:

MDM daemon:

 o X Authentication
 o XDMCP (Remote Login) including TCP Wrappers for access
   control and improved security.
 o Machine-specific and system-wide configuration support.
 o Default and per-display initialization scripts.
 o PreSession, PostSession, Init, and PostLogin scripts.
 o Pluggable Authentication Modules (PAM)
 o IPv6 support (optional, use --enable-ipv6=yes to enable)
 o Autologin for single user workstations (off by default)
 o Timed login for kiosks and public terminals (off by
   default).
 o On-demand local servers (mdmflexiserver) and dynamic
   servers (mdmdynamic).  For example, dynamic servers are
   used to support SRSS (Sun Ray) environments.
 o Can manage X servers without a login window (Such as
   for XDMCP terminal client machines)
 o Many other features ...

mdmlogin and mdmgreeter:

 o Supports accessibility and the ability to launch AT
   programs like orca or GOK.  Currently mdmlogin 
   has more complete accessibility support than
   mdmgreeter.
 o Can launch the XDMCP chooser program (Remote Login)
 o Can launch the Setup program (off by default)
 o Can halt, reboot, or suspend the machine (off by
   default)
 o Session selection support
 o Language selection support

mdmlogin:

 o Logo image
 o Background image/color
 o Face browser
 o Background program support
 o Xinerama support

mdmgreeter:

 o Themable with many themes at http://gnome-look.org/
 o Xinerama support
 o Face browser (if supported by the theme)

mdmwebkit:

 o Themable with many HTML themes
 o Xinerama support
 o Face browser (if supported by the theme)

mdmchooser:

 o XDMCP
 o Visual host browser 
 o Type in extra host names
 o Customizable icons

mdmsetup:

 o GUI to edit the MDM configuration.  Refer to the documentation
   for more information about how to configure MDM.

Availability:

   https://github.com/linuxmint/mdm/tags

Reporting Bugs:

  Please submit bug reports, enhancement requests, and patches at:

     https://github.com/linuxmint/mdm/issues

  When reporting bugs you should first turn on debugging on the
  "Security" tab of mdmsetup or editing custom.conf as described in
  the documentation.  This causes debug messages to be sent to the
  system log (/var/log/messages or /var/adm/messages) and include
  the MDM output sent to syslog.

  You should not have to configure syslog for this to work, but if
  you do not see MDM messages in your syslog it may require
  configuration.

  You should not leave "debug" on after collecting data.  It will
  clutter your syslog and slow system performance.

Installation:

  Please consult README.install for instructions on how to
  configure and install MDM.

Contact:

  #linuxmint-dev on irc.spotchat.org

